tweaking the password upgrading functionality (#12960)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/password_migration.rst

    Password migration was introduced in Symfony 4.4.

In order to protect passwords, it is recommended to store them using the latest
hash algorithms. This means that if a better hash algorithm is supported on your
system, the user's password should be *rehashed* using the newer algorithm and
stored. That's possible with the ``migrate_from`` option:

#. `Configure a new Encoder Using "migrate_from"`_
#. `Upgrade the Password`_
#. Optionally, `Trigger Password Migration From a Custom Encoder`_

Configure a new Encoder Using "migrate_from"
----------------------------------------------

> When a better hashing algorithm becomes available, you should keep the existing

Reviewer: Safer/Stronger instead better?

Reviewer 2: I prefer to keep the generic word "better". I know it's generic, but that's why I preferred it in this case. For example, in the future we could have a new hash algorithm that it's as strong/safe as Argon2i, but consumes half of memory or requires half of storage. So, it wouldn't be safer/stronger, but better in other ways.

            ],
        ]);

With this setup:

* New users will be encoded with the new algorithm;
* Whenever a user logs in whose password is still stored using the old algorithm,

>   Symfony will verify the password with the old algorithm and then re-encode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Symfony will verify the password with the old algorithm and then rehash
```

Confusing Symfony terminology, but the password encoders are doing hashing. This is also consistent with earlier uses of "rehash(ing)" in the beginning of this chapter.

Reviewer 2: I made this change while merging.
